CodePipeline: Add new actions (#1784)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/codepipeline/index.md

- Emulation for [V2 pipeline types](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/latest/userguide/pipeline-types-planning.html) is not supported.
  They will be created as mocks only.
- [Rollbacks and stage retries](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/latest/userguide/pipelines-stages.html) are not available.

> - [Custom actions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/latest/userguide/actions-create-custom-action.html) and associated operations (AcknowledgeJob, GetJobDetails, PollForJobs, PutJobSuccessResult, PutJobFailureResult) are not supported.

Author: My thinking was that even though they're implemented, their invocation is internal and specific to the Lambda Invoke action. Currently users can't use them to manage jobs.

I could leave out the last two operations, what do you think?

```suggestion
- [Custom actions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/codepipeline/latest/userguide/actions-create-custom-action.html) and associated operations (AcknowledgeJob, GetJobDetails, PollForJobs, etc.) are not supported.
```
